My body is tight but
The first game today
Combination of various players
Oh dear
Everyone has existing players
Aso people mainsept confirmation at least bekure Maa
I thought that the disposal fee was a motif
Hmm
Well, after the first Well I think the body is Toka not expired yet of individual challenges 1
I think you might have happened to the company
I think that I can not fight for one year without it
I think that a high quality player is coming in after a few minutes
Well myself
And paying attention Well in a few minutes Nde Well after all live in the same position has increased a lot
I do not think
This also think whether I as long as the correlation of the team competition on the other good within the team is born
I will
Well Well
Or rather personally came in who knows quite Well
Dattari Atsushiware's or was the father's
Already
It has participated from last year to practice to other who came Sotoma
It is a feeling that why something is restored
I think the communication people are getting well
Well I had communication in each room or in the floor bath
Well I am talking in various ways with the members at that time
From now on, still in the football part
I think there are many things I have to take an application
I think it is medium while talking from the town life
I was wrong hair since lived for two years the same dormitory at the time of the University
Oh dear
That's right, really
Maipuresutemu
Quite free children What I also with two people
I'm going to
Ha ha ha
Say take the title of the base Rings that was not taken as a team last year
And as I
The part that can challenge five titles well is great
I think it's a happy season
International j also you can experience in acl
I think it's a year of really good experience
Well after all such a lot of games
Even in such a way as you can
Well really rival r 3
It amazing is delicious story
Quite all games
Tteyuu is given to all models competed still among them but I think quite difficult kana
According to the result thing the West